Addresses dotnet/docs issue 11917. (#37794)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/application-settings-schema.md

By default, application settings in a Windows Forms application uses the <xref:System.Configuration.LocalFileSettingsProvider> class, which uses the .NET configuration system to store settings in an XML configuration file. For more information about the files used by application settings, see [Application Settings Architecture](/dotnet/desktop/winforms/advanced/application-settings-architecture).

> [!NOTE]

> > Most configuration sections defined by .NETFramework are no longer functional in .NETCore. <xref:System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager> is only provided for compatibility. Consider, instead, removing the usage in app.config and calling API to make the same setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Most configuration sections defined by .NET Framework don't function in .NET 6+ and .NET Core versions. <xref:System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager> is provided only for compatibility. Instead, consider removing the usage in app.config and calling the corresponding API, if available, to make the same setting.
```

Reviewer: We also need to list out the corresponding APIs per:

> It might be worthwhile enumerating all the ConfigurationSections in .NETFramework and listing out the replacement API in .NETCore (if available).

> > Most configuration sections defined by .NET Framework don't function in .NET 6+ and .NET Core versions. <xref:System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager> is provided only for compatibility. Instead, consider removing the usage in app.config and calling the corresponding API, if available, to make the same setting.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be expanded a bit to say that `app.config` was replaced by [`appsettings.json`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/porting/modernize#appconfig), and that the [configuration api](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/configuration) is the modern way to manage your apps config and settings.

Author: @adegeo I've made some changes per your comments - let me know if these are OK. 

There's an outstanding comment from @ericstj  in the original issue suggesting that we include the configuration sections along with the corresponding APIs. I'm not sure how to address that request - I haven't found a neat one-to-one listing of config to APIs to use. Suggestions appreciated.

cc @gewarren cc @MeeraDi

Reviewer 3: The old sections are listed in C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319\Config\machine.config
We'd have to go through section-by-section to call out if it was read at all by .NET Core and if there is a replacement API.

Author: @adegeo Can you sign off on the changes I made per your comments - I'd like to close this thread.

I'd be happy to add a list of APIs, if we can compile it, but I'm still not sure how to compile it. Unless there's a clear path forward, we'll close the issue on the current changes.

cc @MeeraDi

| **name**         | Required. The unique ID of the setting. Settings created through Visual Studio are saved with the name `ProjectName.Properties.Settings`. |
| **serializeAs** | Required. The format to use for serializing the value to text. Valid values are:<br><br>- `string`. The value is serialized as a string using a <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter>.<br>- `xml`. The value is serialized using XML serialization.<br>- `binary`. The value is serialized as text-encoded binary using binary serialization.<br />- `custom`. The settings provider has inherent knowledge of this setting and serializes and de-serializes it. |

> Add the names for settings that your create in **\<applicationSettings>** as entries under the **\<configSections>** element at the top of the file. You see the **\<configSections>** element under **\<configuration>** in the example section.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Add the names for settings that you create in **\<applicationSettings>** as entries under the **\<configSections>** element at the top of the file. For example:

```xml
<configuration>
    <configSections>
        <sectionGroup name="userSettings" type="System.Configuration.UserSettingsGroup, System, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089" >
            <section name="WindowsFormsApp1.Properties.Settings" type="System.Configuration.ClientSettingsSection, System, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089" allowExeDefinition="MachineToLocalUser" requirePermission="false" />
            <section name="WindowsFormsApp1.Properties.MyCustomSettings" type="System.Configuration.ClientSettingsSection, System, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089" allowExeDefinition="MachineToLocalUser" requirePermission="false" />
        </sectionGroup>
    </configSections>
    ...
</configuration>
```

````
